Moved most content to transformer-soilmask (#6)
AgPipeline/transformer-canopycover: README.md

## Overview

> This Transformer processes a soil mask image and generates values of plot-level percent canopy cover traits. From a mask, it generates a scalar value representing the percent of the image that is plant. 

Author: ```suggestion
This Transformer processes a soil mask image and generates a value of plot-level percent canopy cover. This is a scalar value representing the percent of the image mask that is classified as plant. 
```

The output is a csv file that can optionally be inserted into the BETYdb database.

## Algorithm description

The core idea of this transformer is to compute the percent of area that is identified as plant in a segmented image.

> https://github.com/AgPipeline/transformer-soilmask/blob/master/README.md

Author: ```suggestion
These masked images can be generated by the [soilmask transformer](https://github.com/AgPipeline/transformer-soilmask/blob/master/README.md) or similar algorithm.

This algorithm expects a one-layer geotiff file with the extention .tif or .tiff. See (point to test file) for an example. 
```

> https://github.com/AgPipeline/transformer-soilmask/edit/master/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/AgPipeline/transformer-soilmask/blob/master/README.md
```
